2 plus 2 equals what,1
what time is it ?,2
how is the weather ?,3
how are you ?,9
4 multiplication 2 equals waht,1
radical of 2,1
sinus of 2 equals waht ?,1
is it sunny ?,3
is it cloudy ?,3
is it rainy ?,3
set an event from 8 o\'clock to 10 o\'clock,2
start stopwatch,2
set a 5 minute timer,2
how's The Weather?,3
how's The Weather?,3
what are you doing now?,9
what time is it?,2
is it sunny today?,3
cosin of 5,1
sinus of 90,1
is it cloudy today?,3
is it hot tommorow?,3
how's The Weather?,3
send a email to hassan.,4
open google chrome.,8
search about fishs.,6
what does anna stands for?,5
how anna can help me?,5
is anna a human?,5
can i help you mester?,9
why do i need anna?,5
search about tablets.,6
open firefox for me?,8
open calculator.,8
open mocrosoft office.,8
open word.,8
open excel,8
open powerpoint.,8
open mocrosoft office 2016.,8
search in google about me.,6
how's The Weather?,3
open internet download manager,8
open folders,8
open VLC media player,8
open kmplayer,8
open paint,8
open kaspersky,8
open corel videostudio,8
open videostudio 2019,8
open wireshark,8
open PuTTy,8
open Proteus 8,8
open Recycle Bin,8
open MultiCam CaptureLite,8
open sample-sentences.txt,8
open snipping tool,8
open Remote Desktop Connection,8
open Solitaire,8
how's The Weather?,3
open Pictures,8
open Music,8
open Devices and Printers,8
open Nitro Pro,8
open Sublime text 3,8
open Photoshop CC,8
open Adobe Photoshop cc 2019,8
open Access,8
open Creative Cloud,8
open notepad ++,8
open onenote,8
open outlook,8
2 plus 8 equals to,1
One Plus One Equal to what? , 1
Two Plus Two Equal to what? , 1
Three Plus Three Equal to what? , 1
Four Plus Four Equal to what? , 1
Five Plus Five Equal to what? , 1
Six Plus Six Equal to what? , 1
Seven Plus Seven Equal to what? , 1
Eight Plus Eight Equal to what? , 1
Nine Plus Nine Equal to what? , 1
Ten Plus Ten Equal to what? , 1
Eleven Plus Eleven Equal to what? , 1
Twelve Plus Twelve Equal to what? , 1
Thirteen Plus Thirteen Equal to what? , 1
Fourteen Plus Fourteen Equal to what? , 1
Fifteen Plus Fifteen Equal to what? , 1
Sixteen Plus Sixteen Equal to what? , 1
Seventeen Plus Seventeen Equal to what? , 1
Eighteen Plus Eighteen Equal to what? , 1
Nineteen Plus Nineteen Equal to what? , 1
Twenty Plus Twenty Equal to what? , 1
Ten Plus Twenty Two Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Eighty Seven Plus Seventy Seven Equal to what? , 1
Forty Five Plus Ten Equal to what? , 1
Nineteen Plus One Hundred and Seven Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Seventy Six Plus One Hundred and Ninety Two Equal to what? , 1
Twenty Eight Plus One Hundred and Thirty Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Seventy Plus One Hundred and Six Equal to what? , 1
Twenty One Plus One Hundred and Seventy Four Equal to what? , 1
Twenty Four Plus Seventy One Equal to what? , 1
Two Plus Twenty Eight Equal to what? , 1
Seventy Five Plus One Hundred and Thirty Three Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Sixty Four Plus Ninety Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Ninety Four Plus One Hundred and Ninety Four Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Seventy Four Plus Forty Seven Equal to what? , 1
Sixty Two Plus Sixty One Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Seventy Five Plus Four Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Ninety Five Plus One Hundred and Thirty Five Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Sixty Four Plus One Hundred and Sixty Three Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Sixteen Plus Fifty Four Equal to what? , 1
Forty Plus One Hundred and Three Equal to what? , 1
Eighty Four  Plus  Thirty Nine  Equal to what? , 1
Ninety Two  Plus One Hundred and Fourteen  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Thirty Four  Plus  Twenty One  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Seventy Four  Plus One Hundred and Fifty Six  Equal to what? , 1
Twenty Seven  Plus One Hundred and Eighty Four  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Thirty Eight  Plus One Hundred and Fifty Two  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Nineteen  Plus One Hundred and Thirty Three  Equal to what? , 1
Twenty Eight  Plus  Four  Equal to what? , 1
Six  Plus  Twenty  Equal to what? , 1
Ten  Plus One Hundred and Ninety Three  Equal to what? , 1
Two Hundred  Plus One Hundred and Eighty One  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Ninety Four  Plus  Ninety Nine  Equal to what? , 1
Fifty Eight  Plus One Hundred and One  Equal to what? , 1
Eight  Plus  Twenty  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Sixty Seven  Plus One Hundred and Forty Eight  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Seventy Nine  Plus  Ninety  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Forty  Plus  Thirty Eight  Equal to what? , 1
Nineteen  Plus One Hundred and Six  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Three  Plus One Hundred and Thirty  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Nine  Plus One Hundred and Eighty Six  Equal to what? , 1
 Forty Nine  Multiplication  Ninety Eight  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Sixty One  Multiplication  Two  Equal to what? , 1
 Twenty Five  Multiplication  Ninety Two  Equal to what? , 1
 Twenty Nine  Multiplication One Hundred and Seventy Nine  Equal to what? , 1
 Thirty Two  Multiplication One Hundred and Sixty Two  Equal to what? , 1
 Twenty Six  Multiplication One Hundred and Four  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Fifty  Multiplication  Thirty Nine  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Ninety One  Multiplication One Hundred and Eighty Nine  Equal to what? , 1
 Ninety Five  Multiplication  Sixty Two  Equal to what? , 1
 Thirty  Multiplication One Hundred and Eight  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Seventeen  Multiplication One Hundred and Seventy Nine  Equal to what? , 1
 Twenty Three  Multiplication  Sixty Eight  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Ninety Six  Multiplication  Ninety  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Ninety  Multiplication One Hundred and Ninety One  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Forty One  Multiplication One Hundred and Ten  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Forty Six  Multiplication  Forty Seven  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Ninety Four  Multiplication  Fifty Eight  Equal to what? , 1
Thirty Six  Multiplication  Fifty Eight  Equal to what? , 1
Sixty Four  Multiplication One Hundred and Fifty Nine  Equal to what? , 1
Forty Three  Multiplication  Ten  Equal to what? , 1
Sixty Six  Multiplication  Eighty Two  Equal to what? , 1
Thirty Two  Multiplication  Sixty  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Two  Multiplication One Hundred and Twenty Three  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Thirty Seven  Multiplication One Hundred and Seventy Four  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Fifty Three  Multiplication One Hundred and Sixty Four  Equal to what? , 1
Sixty Two  Multiplication One Hundred and Thirty Eight  Equal to what? , 1
Sixty Two  Multiplication  Thirty Five  Equal to what? , 1
Eighty Two  Multiplication One Hundred and Nineteen  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Forty One  Multiplication  Twenty Six  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Eighty Three  Multiplication One Hundred  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Three  Multiplication One Hundred and Seventeen  Equal to what? , 1
Sixty Three  Multiplication One Hundred and Nineteen  Equal to what? , 1
Thirteen  Multiplication One Hundred and Thirteen  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Fifty  Multiplication One Hundred and Fifty Eight  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Fifty  Multiplication One Hundred and Ninety Seven  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Seventy Five  Multiplication  Seventy  Equal to what? , 1
Sixty One  Multiplication One Hundred and Ninety Four  Equal to what? , 1
Twenty Five  Multiplication  Ninety Four  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Forty Four  Multiplication  Seventy One  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Forty Seven  Multiplication One Hundred and Seventeen  Equal to what? , 1
Seventy Three  Multiplication  Sixty Six  Equal to what? , 1
Fifty Six  Multiplication One Hundred and Sixty Six  Equal to what? , 1
Ninety Seven  Multiplication One Hundred and Forty Six  Equal to what? , 1
Sixty Seven  Multiplication One Hundred and Four  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Forty  Multiplication  Twenty  Equal to what? , 1
Thirty Nine  Multiplication One Hundred and Three  Equal to what? , 1
Thirty Seven  Multiplication One Hundred and One  Equal to what? , 1
Fifty Six  Multiplication One Hundred and Fifty Eight  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Five  Multiplication One Hundred and Ten  Equal to what? , 1
Eighteen  Multiplication One Hundred and Twenty Two  Equal to what? , 1
Sixteen  Multiplication One Hundred and Eighty Three  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Forty Three  Multiplication One Hundred and Fifty Three  Equal to what? , 1
Sixty One  Multiplication  Seventeen  Equal to what? , 1
Seven  Multiplication One Hundred and Ninety Six  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Four  Multiplication  Fifty Seven  Equal to what? , 1
Seventy Eight  Multiplication One Hundred and Seven  Equal to what? , 1
Three  Multiplication One Hundred and Thirty  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Twenty Nine  Multiplication One Hundred and Ninety Four  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Twenty  Multiplication  Twenty Five  Equal to what? , 1
Forty Three  Multiplication One Hundred and Seventy Nine  Equal to what? , 1
One Hundred and Sixty Nine  Multiplication  Ninety One  Give what? , 1
Sixty One  Multiplication One Hundred and Ten  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Fifty Seven  Multiplication  Twenty Two  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Twenty Three  Multiplication  Sixteen  Give what? , 1
Three  Multiplication One Hundred and Ninety Three  Give what? , 1
Forty Seven  Multiplication One Hundred and Sixty Five  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Thirty  Multiplication One Hundred and Six  Give what? , 1
Twenty Three  Multiplication One Hundred and Sixty Four  Give what? , 1
Forty Four  Multiplication One Hundred and Twenty Five  Give what? , 1
Sixty Five  Multiplication One Hundred and Ninety Two  Give what? , 1
Seventy Three  Multiplication One Hundred and Thirty Seven  Give what? , 1
Thirty One  Multiplication One Hundred and Eighty Two  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Eighteen  Multiplication  Thirty Nine  Give what? , 1
Fifty Seven  Multiplication  Seventy Three  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Eleven  Multiplication One Hundred and Eight  Give what? , 1
Sixteen  Multiplication  Twenty One  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Fifty Six  Multiplication One Hundred and Ninety Six  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Sixty Seven  Multiplication  Fifty  Give what? , 1
Sixty One  Multiplication  Forty  Give what? , 1
Sixty Four  Multiplication  Forty Nine  Give what? , 1
Twenty One  Multiplication  Eighty Two  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Ninety Eight  Multiplication  Eighty Nine  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Eight  Multiplication  Thirty Two  Give what? , 1
Ninety Five  Multiplication One Hundred and Fifty Two  Give what? , 1
Eight  Multiplication One Hundred  Give what? , 1
Forty Five  Multiplication  Fourteen  Give what? , 1
Twenty Eight  Multiplication One Hundred and Thirty Five  Give what? , 1
Thirty Nine  Multiplication One Hundred and Sixty One  Give what? , 1
Fifty Two  Multiplication  Twenty Nine  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Fifty Nine  Multiplication One Hundred and Forty Five  Give what? , 1
Twenty  Multiplication One Hundred and Three  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Twenty Two  Multiplication One Hundred and Seventy Five  Give what? , 1
Three  Multiplication One Hundred and Eighty Six  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Seventy  Multiplication One Hundred and Forty Eight  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Fifty One  Multiplication One Hundred and Seventeen  Give what? , 1
Nine  Multiplication One Hundred and Thirty  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Eighty  Multiplication  Thirty Five  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Eighty One  Multiplication One Hundred and Eighteen  Give what? , 1
Forty Seven  Multiplication One Hundred and Ninety Three  Give what? , 1
One Hundred and Seventy Seven  Multiplication  Sixty  Give what? , 1
Sinus of One Hundred and Four  Give what? , 1
Sinus of One Hundred and Sixty Four  Give what? , 1
Sinus of  Seventy Seven  Give what? , 1
Sinus of One Hundred and Seventy Six  Give what? , 1
Sinus of One Hundred and Ninety Nine  Give what? , 1
Sinus of One Hundred and Thirty Six  Give what? , 1
Sinus of  Forty Eight  Give what? , 1
Sinus of One Hundred and Forty  Give what? , 1
Sinus of One Hundred and Ninety Seven  Give what? , 1
Sinus of  Forty Two  Give what? , 1
Sinus of One Hundred and Forty Five  Give what? , 1
Sinus of  Ninety Two  Give what? , 1
Sinus of One Hundred and Eighty Five  Give what? , 1
Sinus of One Hundred and Twenty Three  Give what? , 1
Sinus of  Sixty Eight  Give what? , 1
Sinus of One Hundred and Five  Give what? , 1
Sinus of One Hundred and Ten  Give what? , 1
Sinus of One Hundred and Eighty  Give what? , 1
Sinus of  Eighty Five  Give what? , 1
Sinus of  Thirty  Give what? , 1
Cosine of One Hundred and Forty Five  Give what? , 1
Cosine of  Twenty Three  Give what? , 1
Cosine of One Hundred and Twenty One  Give what? , 1
Cosine of  Seventy Seven  Give what? , 1
Cosine of One Hundred and Forty Three  Give what? , 1
Cosine of One Hundred and Forty  Give what? , 1
Cosine of  Fifty  Give what? , 1
Cosine of  Thirty Seven  Give what? , 1
Cosine of One Hundred and Fifty Two  Give what? , 1
Cosine of  Ninety  Give what? , 1
Cosine of One Hundred and Ten  Give what? , 1
Cosine of One Hundred and Thirty Nine  Give what? , 1
Cosine of One Hundred and Twenty One  Give what? , 1
Cosine of One Hundred and Fifteen  Give what? , 1
Cosine of One Hundred and Twenty Five  Give what? , 1
Cosine of One Hundred and Nine  Give what? , 1
Cosine of One Hundred and Forty Five  Give what? , 1
Cosine of  Fifty One  Give what? , 1
Cosine of  Fifty Seven  Give what? , 1
Cosine of One Hundred and Forty Three  Give what? , 1
